Toe shoes surprised me most in these
three ways. When I first got them, I
could not put them on as easily as I
thought I'd be able to, which is totally
a sign that my toes couldn't actually
spllay anymore. So, I'll save you the
trouble on how to put them on. First, go
in slanted toward the big toe like this.
Then, what you're going to do is spllay
your toes, turn the foot, and crawl
forward. Use your fingers if you need to
help. Now, let's put it all together.
Don't blink in slanted. Turn crawl.
Done. Just like that. It gets easier
with time. In a week or two, this takes
about half a second to work, so you'll
be able to get them on and off lickety
split, no problem. Just make sure
there's a bit of space in front of your
toes. I recommend about the size of a
pinky. Go about half a size up just to
be safe. Number two, I did not expect my
feet to be sore, but they were. If you
spent most of your life with squishy
foot coffins attached to your feet,
yeah, a minimalist shoe might hit like a
truck at first. Every time you get up
and go to the mailbox, it's a foot
workout. But eventually your feet adapt
and get stronger like mine. The last
time my feet were sore was when I ran 13
mi in my Paluba.
>> Oh, we still hit it.
>> Oh, and if you tend to go the sockless
route, you can still do this, but
sometimes they're a little bit harder to
put on. Use code stay flexy. And lastly,
my feet are way more capable now. I was
a kid when I used to walk around on my
toes like this. Stay flexy.